Update product-ownership-areas.md (#938)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-management-team-handbook/product-ownership-areas.md

| Channels | Chat, Search, Notifications, Status, User Settings, Onboarding, Mobile | Eric Sethna |
| Playbooks | Incident Response Colloboration, Checklists, Retrospectives | Ian Tao |
| Boards | Boards, Tasks, Focalboard | Winson Wu, Chen I-Lim |

> | Calls | Audio & Video Calls | 

Reviewer: Do we want to add @itao as the PM owner?

Author: Oops - got a head of myself and forgot to add.  There now.

| Apps & Integrations | Plugins, Apps, Apps Marketplace, Apps & Plugin Framework | Aaron Rothschild |

> | Growth | Product-led growth, Self-serve purchases, Trials, In-product & Email Nurtures, Packaging & Pricing | Don Hogan |

Reviewer: @wiersgallak Propose keeping `Self-serve purchases` under the Self-Service AOR. Made a proposal in your doc as well.

```suggestion
| Growth | Product-led growth, Trials, In-product & Email Nurtures, Packaging & Pricing, A/B Testing Framework | Don Hogan |
```

cc @dontoisme tagging you in case you want to review and add feedback on AORs from your perspective
